Adds basic docs for install Tile (#2143)
google/horologist: docs/datalayer-phone-ui.md

## Install Tile prompt
Use the
[InstallTilePrompt](https://google.github.io/horologist/api/datalayer/phone-ui/com.google.android.horologist.datalayer.phone.ui.prompt.installtile/-install-tile-prompt/index.html)
to build the UI of a prompt to ask the user to install a Tile of your choice on the
watch. If the user decides to install the Tile, they will be redirected to the Tile settings editor 
screen where they can select and add the Tile to the watchface.
Please note that this feature is only supported on Pixel watches.

The `shouldDisplayPrompt` method allows to check if the prompt should be displayed, based on the
following conditions:
- the Wear app is installed and it's tracking the status of installed Tiles. See
[trackInstalledTiles](https://github.com/google/horologist/blob/main/datalayer/sample/wear/src/main/java/com/google/android/horologist/datalayer/sample/TileSync.kt#L35)
in the sample app. The `trackInstalledTiles` has to be called when the app is launched, on 
`TileService.onTileAddEvent` and `TileService.onTileRemoveEvent`. After the Wear app has been updated
to support `trackInstalledTiles`, it has to be launched at least once before being able to track the 

> Tile installation status.

Reviewer: Should we just trigger this ourselves? Avoid asking apps to do it?

Author: Thanks, tracking in #2146.

> - Wear OS companion app has version of 2.1.0.576785526 or above.

Reviewer: Can we attach a date so people know that generally they should have this, and it's not future looking?

Author: checking on this

Author: added, PTAL

- We are using `getActiveTilesAsync` method which could omit some Tiles, 
see more in the [doc](https://developer.android.com/reference/androidx/wear/tiles/TileService#getActiveTilesAsync(android.content.Context,java.util.concurrent.Executor)).

> Also notes that, if the users has more than one Pixel watches paired with the phone, the prompt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note that, if the user has more than one Pixel watches paired with the phone, the prompt
```

Author: done
